    # Work Progress
        ## Current Projects
            How are you feeling about the project?
            What do you think has gone well? What do you think you could have done better? What, if anything, would you like to do, but haven't been able to?
            What are your biggest concerns about your current project(s)?
            What interests you about the project(s) you’re currently working on, and why?
            How are you going to approach this?
            What are the most important things you will focus on before we meet next?
            What obstacles are you encountering right now?
            What part of the day do you have the most energy and focus? When do you have the least? What changes could we make to your work schedule to accommodate this?
            What questions do you have about this project?
            What stands in your way?        
        ## Upcoming Projects
            If you could work on anything for the next month, what would it be? What makes you say that?
            * What are the key elements you need to start working on the upcoming project?
            * How do you see the upcoming project impacting your workload?
            * What resources do you think you'll need for the upcoming project?
            * Are there any concerns or obstacles you anticipate with the upcoming project?
            * Do you see any opportunities for professional growth in the upcoming project?
            * How will the upcoming project contribute to your career goals?
            * What skills do you plan to utilize in the upcoming project?
            * What new skills do you hope to develop during the upcoming project?
            * Do you have any creative ideas for the upcoming project you'd like to share?            
        ## Completed Projects
            What is the best accomplishment you had since you are here? Do you feel appreciated for it?            
            What are your most significant accomplishments since we last met?
            * Can you share any lessons you learned from the recently completed project?
            * What were the biggest challenges you faced in the recently completed project?
            * Were there any moments of collaboration in the completed project that stood out to you?
            * How would you change the process if you were to do this project again?
            * Was there any feedback you received on the completed project that you found particularly useful?
            * How did the completed project affect your professional development?
            * What aspects of the completed project did you enjoy the most?
        ## Project Management Skills
            At what point in the past week were you most frustrated with or discouraged by your work? What can I do to help you manage that?
            What is the biggest challenge you are currently facing? How can I help with that?
            What is the percentage of my involvement in your daily tasks? Would you prefer more or less?
            What do you think you could be doing differently?
            What frustrates you about the project?
            What have you tried so far to make progress on it?
            Which parts of your project are unclear or confusing?  
            What are 3 things could we do to improve your productivity if money was no object?
            What were your biggest time wasters or roadblocks last week or the week before?
            What suggestions do you have?          

    # Personal Development
        ## Skills Development
            What areas of your work are you confident about?
            Do you feel like you're growing in your role? What makes you say that?
            Are there any events or training you’d like to attend to help you grow your skills?
            Is there a different way we can develop your skills outside of traditional training?
            What additional training or education would you like?
            What are two to three new skills you’d like to learn on the job? What about those skills interests you?
            What areas of your job do you find difficult that getting better skills at would help?
            What kind of training or experience would be most helpful to you right now?
            What parts of your job would you like to deepen your skills in or get additional training in?
            What skills do you have that you think are underutilized?
            What skills would you like to develop right now?
            Which part of the work here do you feel as most relevant to your long-term goals? What kinds of projects do you want to take part in to move toward your goals?        
        ## Career Goals
            What is an ideal, productive day at work for you? Walk me through the day…
            In our last 1-on-1 you mentioned that you’d like to grow in X — how has that been going?
            What do you want to accomplish and by when?        
            Are there any projects you’d really like to work on if you were given the opportunity?
            Could you see yourself making progress on more of your goals here? What would need to change to do so?
            Do you feel like you’re making progress on your big goals here? Why or why not?
            Do you have the tools you need to reach your goals?
            Have you given any more thought to your long-term goals since our last meeting? What are your latest thoughts?
            How do you feel you are progressing in your career?
            How do you think about your progress on your big goals? What needs to be done to move towards the goals? What can we do to help?
            If you were to create your ideal position, how would it differ from what you are currently doing?
            Imagine it’s two years from now, and things have gone well: What has been your role in that? What does your role look like?
            Tell me about something new you learned since we met last.
            What about this goal is important to you and what will be different when you achieve the goal?
            What actions will you take before our next 1-on-1 to make progress on X? (Also discuss and agree on actions you will take to help.)
            What are some of the work projects you’re most proud of, and what do you think you might want to do next?
            What are the projects you would be interested in working on next?
            What are your big dreams in life? Are you making progress on them?
            What are your goals (for our group for you personally)
            What are your long term goals? Have you thought about them?
            What are your super powers? What powers would you like to develop?
            What capabilities do you want to develop?
            What development areas do you want to work on in the coming weeks?
            What do you see as the next step in your career?
            What do you want to be doing in 5 years? 10 years? 3 years?
            What do you want to do in your next job?
            What else can I be doing to help you grow/advance in your career?
            What goals have you set for your career?
            What opportunities have you had recently to learn something new?
            What other roles here could you see yourself in down the line? Or what areas would you like to explore?
            What professional goals would you like to accomplish in the next 6 to 12 months, and what makes you say that?
            What skills are required to reach your goals?
            What sort of progress have you made on the next steps we discussed last time?
            What work are you doing here that you feel is most in line with your long term goals?
            What would make this your perfect job?
            What would you like to learn about in the future?
            What’s one thing we could do today to help you with your long term goals?
            Where do you see your career in 1 year, 3 years? What can you do to make sure you reach those goals? How can we as HR help you to reach those goals (assuming the goals relate to the company)?
            Where do you see your career in the next (2/5/10) years?
            Where do you see yourself in three years? Five years?
            Which career or development goals do you feel like you’re not able to focus on right now?
            Who in the company would you like to learn from? What do you want to learn?        
        ## Feedback & Recognition
            Do you feel you’re getting enough feedback? Why/why not?
            Do you have any feedback for me?
            Do you think that you receive enough feedback? Is feedback helpful for your personal development? What can I do to help you get the feedback you want?
            How do you prefer to receive feedback?
            What are your thoughts on my changes?
            What do you think I should know about the project, but might not?
            What would you like to see change about these discussions? How could we make them more useful for you?            
            What feedback/praises have you been getting about your current priorities?
            Are you happy with your recent work? Why or why not?            
        ## Professional Interests and Passions
            How can I make your days more fulfilling?
            How might I make this project more challenging or interesting for you?
            What talents do you have that you feel we are fully utilizing? Which of your talents are we not fully leveraging?
            What do you enjoy the most in your current role?
            What makes you excited and motivated to work on a project?

    # Team Dynamics
        ## Interpersonal Relationships
            How did "that" affect you?
            Is there anything that you need from me?
            * How would you describe the level of communication within the team?
            * Are there any conflicts in the team that you believe are impacting productivity?
            * Do you feel your ideas and contributions are valued within the team?
            * Is there anyone on the team you find difficult to work with? If so, how can I help manage that relationship?
            * How would you rate the level of trust within the team?
            * How can we improve collaboration within the team?
        ## Team Culture
            Are you happy here? What makes you say that?
            * Do you feel our team culture supports your work and productivity?
            * How would you describe our team culture in three words?
            * Are there any aspects of our team culture you'd like to change?
            * What values do you think are most prominent within our team culture?
            * How does the team culture support or challenge your work-life balance?
            * How can we make our team culture more inclusive and diverse?
        ## Team Structure
            What about work is frustrating?
            What about your job is most satisfying for you?
            * Are there any changes to the team structure that you think would improve efficiency?
            * How well do you feel the current team structure supports your role?
            * What are your thoughts on the leadership within our team structure?
            * Do you feel your role and responsibilities within the team structure are clear?
            * How does the current team structure support or hinder your professional development?
        ## Conflict Resolution
            How did that make you feel?
            * How comfortable do you feel addressing conflicts within the team?
            * Can you describe a recent conflict within the team and how it was resolved?
            * What strategies do you use to avoid or mitigate conflicts within the team?
            * Do you feel the current methods of conflict resolution within the team are effective?
            * What additional resources or support do you need for conflict resolution?

    # Work-Life Balance
        ## Workload Management
            How do you feel your work/life balance is right now?
            How do you think of your current workload and how are you coping with them?
            Do you feel over-worked, under-worked, or just the right workload?
            How is your workload right now?
            How are you planning to balance work and personal life this year?            
        ## Work-Life Integration
            What do you do when you feel low energy or unmotivated?
            What is the most important thing we need to discuss today?
            How many hours a day do you feel you’re productive? How could we help you be more productive?
        ## Personal Wellness
            How are you feeling about work?
            Is there anything you’d like to be doing on your own time to relieve stress that you’re not getting to? How can I help you achieve those personal goals?
            When is your next vacation?
            When was your last vacation?
            When you get stuck on something, what is your process for getting unstuck? Who do you turn to for help?
            Happiness level, 1 to 10?
            What can I do to help you enjoy your work more or remove roadblocks to progress?
        ## Remote Work Experiences
            What’s an inexpensive thing we could do to improve our office environment?

    # Company Alignment
        ## Company Values & Culture
            What do you like most about working on our team?
            What’s the best part of your job?
        ## Company Strategy
            * How does your current work align with the company's strategy?
            * Do you feel the company's strategy is clear and you understand your role within it?
            * How do you think the company's strategy could be improved?
            * Do you have any ideas for projects or initiatives that could support the company's strategy?
            * How does the company's strategy motivate your work?
        ## Organizational Changes
            * Are there any recent organizational changes that have affected your work?
            * How do you feel about the process of implementing organizational changes?
            * Do you have any suggestions for how organizational changes could be better communicated?
            * How do you manage the challenges of organizational changes?
            * How do organizational changes impact your work-life balance?
        ## Feedback on Company Leadership
            * Do you feel that the company leadership is effectively communicating with staff?
            * How do you feel about the direction the company leadership is taking?
            * Is there any feedback you would like to provide to the company leadership?
            * Do you feel that the company leadership is open and receptive to feedback from staff?
            * How has the company leadership impacted your work experience?

    # Coaching and Growth
        ## Self-Discovery and Awareness
            How can I help…? (be more productive/happier at work/enjoy work more/etc)
            What does your ideal weekday look like?
            What worries you?
            What worries you? What’s on your mind?
            What drives you? What motivates you to come to work each day?
            What’s your No. 1 problem right now? How are you feeling about it?
            Do you feel like you are learning at work? What are the new things you learned lately? What are the areas you want to learn about?
            How is your current work helping or hurting your professional development?
            During this meeting you’ve mentioned that you’d like to pursue X. What steps can you take toward that before our next 1-on-1?
            Have you ever felt undervalued here?
            How do you think you did on your performance review this year? What do you think the results will be?
            Is there an aspect of your job you would like more help or coaching?
            To help identify and clarify the goal: What do you want to achieve? What will you do to achieve it? When will you do it? Who do you need to involve? When should you see results?
            What can I do to take action or make progress on what we talked about today?
            What can you do to take action or make progress on what we talked about today?
        ## Goal Setting and Attainment
            What can I do to help you achieve your current goals and priorities?
            What can I do to make things more manageable?
            What would be the most helpful thing for you to take away from this conversation in order to make progress on it?
            What’s one thing about your job that, if we fixed, would make you never want to leave?
            What, if anything, did you used to do that you find you don’t have time for right now?
            What part of your work routine do you find is working best? What area do you want to improve?
        ## Decision Making Abilities
            If you could change what happened, how would you alter it?
            If you could change one thing about your job today, what would you change?
            * Can you describe a recent decision you made and how you arrived at that decision?
            * How confident do you feel in your decision-making abilities?
            * What support do you need to improve your decision-making abilities?
            * Can you think of a time when a decision you made significantly affected a project outcome?
            * What is the most challenging decision you've had to make recently?
        ## Resilience and Coping Skills
            What have your past managers done that you’d like me to also do or not do?
            What’s a recent situation you wish you handled differently? What would you change?
            What was difficult this week? what have you learned?
            Is there anything that you’re struggling with?            
            * Can you describe a situation where you had to show resilience at work?
            * What strategies do you use to cope with stress and pressure at work?
            * How can I support you in developing your resilience and coping skills?
            * What do you do to maintain a positive attitude, even in difficult situations?
        ## Feedback and Improvement
            I’ve noticed X about the project… Can you help me understand that better? Talk me through your process.
            Would you like more coaching? What aspect of your job do you like more help and coaching on?
            Are there any obstacles I can remove for you?
            As your manager, what would you like me to stop, start, or continue doing?
            How can I better support you?
            What additional resources can I provide for you between now and the next time we meet?
            What can I do for you that I'm not?
            What can I do to help remove obstacles?
            What can I do to make your job easier?
            What could I do as a manager to make your work easier?
            What do you like about my management style? What do you dislike?
            What is something I could do better? What feedback do you have for me?
            What is something I could have done better? What are the situations that I could have helped more but didn’t?
            What is the one thing that you need the most from me?
            What would you like to know about me?
            What’s your favorite thing I do as a manager of this team I should keep doing?
            Where do you think I can be most helpful?
            Which areas would you like more or less direction from me on your work?
            How do you feel about your work/life balance?
            What could we change about work that would improve the rest of your life?
            What are the biggest time wasters for you each week?
            Which part of the day do you feel most productive? When do you feel that your energy and focus are at the lowest level? What are the changes that can be made so you can take the best out of a work day?            